README - GENIUS

Genius is a tool to help you memorize words easily and efficiently. 


STARTING UP GENIUS
---------------------------------------

1) Open up a command prompt and go to this directory (where index.html is located): GRE/

2) Type the following command: python -m SimpleHTTPServer 3000.

3) Open up Google Chrome and in the address bar enter: localhost:3000. 

4) Set the zoom level to 100%. Do this by pressing the CTRL and 0 key together at once.

5) Great! You've started Genius.


USING GENIUS
---------------------------------------

1) Click the green flag icon to begin. 

2) The main view comes up displaying words starting with A in order. Clicking NEXT at the bottom
   will display the next 10 words. Clicking BACK at the bottom will display the previous 10 words. 
   The same words will display if you can't go back or forward anymore. 

3) Features:
	A) Word and Definition - Each panel contains a word and its definition below it. 
	B) Google Search - Clicking on a panel once displays its backside. Clicking on the google icon searches for that word
	                   on google.co.in.
	C) Google Image Search - Clicking on a pabel once displays its backside. Clicking on the google image search icon searches 
	                         google images for that word. This is to aid in learning the word since having a word to a picture 
	                          is muhch easier than tell

4) The side bar contains the following options:
	A) Search - Searches for a word in the dataset that starts with what you put into the search box.

	B) Toggle Order - Toggles whether words are shown in order or randomly. In order is alphabetically, randomized shows words in any order.

	C) Number of Words - Dragging the slider sets the number of words to show. Increments of 5.

	D) Filter By Letter - Clicking on a letter will show you all the words starting with only that letter. You can select "ALL" inside the A-E option to select all the dataset with all the words, not just a subset based on a letter. 




